It appears that takeSnapshot within the SnapshotService is using hardcoded values for such parameters such as maximum comments to trace per post, maximum depth analysis posts, deep analysis start cutoff to point to a few examples.  However, should those not be coming from the actual configuration as saved within redis from the Configuration view page…?

Do not make any changes until we discuss this…but the SnapshotService capture commentCount, numberOfComments, numComments.  This seems very convoluted and possibly inaccurate.  So I need the logic validated and justification as to why there needs to be so many different variables for what seems to be the same data element.

Since the newer architecture for devvit is now dumping dynamically scheduled jobs, that is why when an app upgrade event is detected, it validates that all saved jobs stored in redis are actually in the scheduler—otherwise, they are added (restored).  But for existing installations, we need to capture a saved version of the scheduled jobs in redis to get those subs positioned so they won't lose their existing scheduled snapshot tasks at the next update.

Just like the report tabs become fullscreen launch links when the app is being rendered in-line, so must the view page command buttons at the very top.  We can't allow the to change to some other view page and get locked a "scroll kidnapping."

I want the charts on the Activity tab of the report [Activity Trend, Engagement vs Votes] to be visually more like the example that has been added to the project root: chart-area-interactive.  That includes having a time period zoom dropdown, the elimination of Y-axis value ticks, the expansion of the chart taking the full width available, and the fill coloring using the same gradients as in the example for exporting/printing but a very similar scheme for screen viewing that complies with the theme files.  However, I want the custom hover tooltip format to continue being used as I prefer it visually.

Let's make sure the job history is actually only saving the rolling 50 entries.

Currently the trending analysis dataset is a latest calculations situation.  However, if I load an older snapshot, even by a few days, then suddenly my trending tab is not really in sync with what is presented in the remainder of the report—espcially those fields that get overwritten/updated by the forecasted data (ie, data buckets, prime posting time, word cloud).  Is it possibly to save the multi-day trending service dataset by some kind of cut-off date/time?  And to be able to store multiple days of extended analysis data.  So if I view a snapshot from three days ago, then it pulls the snapshot data and then the trending forecast (materialization) data associated with that snapshot cut-off timestamp thereby replacing specific fields with more accurate data [ie, data buckets, prime posting time, word cloud] plus loading the standard trending data as needed for charts that render on the Trends tab.

I want the prime posting times trend analysis (BestPostingTimesChangedChart) to more closely align with the example as provided in the project's root [prime_posting_times_trend].  That includes dropdown selections for time period zoom, comparative portion, top posting windows ranked with totals + diff + prior period comparative.  I believe we already incorporate all the features demonstrated in the day-of-week momentum example; but you should validate we thoroughly handle the functionality even when the time period zoom dropdown is changed or if the compare criteria is modified.  And for the 30-day window trend - top 5 slots example, the rolling activity score should include a hover tooltip that provides the actual date/value, although we don't need to waste screen real estate with rendering the X- Y- axis.

Let's briefly test if we can produce a message/email (mod mail?) that has the exported snapshot report attached.  For now it can be directed to myself [SeeTigerLearn].  If we are successful, then we want to add a schedule in the Configuration view page for automatically sending snapshot reports to specific users (or mod mail queue) at specified time periods.